---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "IP Filtering | Email notification when IP Filtering rule is added"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: IP Filtering
authors: "@yasserfaraazkhan"
team_ownership: 
- ICU
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: ""

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: 115796337
key: MM-T5469
created_on: "2023-11-29T07:04:09Z"
last_updated: "2023-11-29T12:34:08Z"
case_hashed: 34e848cc65f1d76416869c1e59136c4e3efd32763691ca9339c22f76a4100197866ed943bd2f0daab1335c424c8d7056
steps_hashed: aa37551d8ae99587769b3ab321c46d75436138a1c621b99ec0d085db340baaece34dde43fd6f6b794e945b827bc4d29f
---

<!-- (Auto-generated) Based on frontmatter's "key" and "name" -->

## MM-T5469: IP Filtering | Email notification when IP Filtering rule is added

---

**Step 1**

Test prerequisites:

- Create a workspace and leave it in Enterprise trial license from <https://portal.test.cloud.mattermost.com/>
- In Split.io Enable `CloudIPFiltering` feature flag for all test environments.

Scenario: Add Rule

1. Login with admin credentials.
2. Navigate to System Console > Site Configuration > IP Filtering.
3. Toggle to enable the `Enable IP Filtering` settings.
4. Click on `Add rule`.
5. Enter `Name of the rule`.
6. Enter the current `IP address`.
7. Click `Save Button` on the Add IP Filter modal.
8. Click `Save Button` on the IP Filter feature page.
9. Click on `Yes, apply changes` to review and confirm the IP Filtering rule added.
10. Verify the system admin received a email notification with subject `Changes to Your Workspace's IP Filters`.
11. Verify the `Review changes` button in email takes user to IP Filtering section.

Scenario: Edit Rule

1. Edit the rule and alter the IP address before saving it.
2. Verify the system admin received email notification with subject `Changes to Your Workspace's IP Filters`

Scenario: Delete Rule

1. Hoven over the rule and click on trash icon
2. Confirm the rule deletion.
3. Verify the system admin received email notification with subject `Changes to Your Workspace's IP Filters`

Scenario: Enable or disable Rule

1. Click on toggle button of the feature.
2. Verify the system admin received email notification with subject `Changes to Your Workspace's IP Filters`
