---
key: MM-T5045
title: Creation and manage of Trello Subscriptions
---

## MM-T5045: Creation and manage of Trello Subscriptions

### Details

| Name     | Value                   |
| :------- | :---------------------- |
| Priority | Normal                  |
| Status   | Draft                   |
| Folder   | Apps Framework / Trello |
| Created  | 2022-08-15T22:39:33Z    |

### Steps

<hr/>

**Step 1**

> <article>1. Call to test Trello command: `Connect`<br />2. Run the `/trello subscription add` command<br />3. Add a Trello Board to subscribe<br />4. Add Mattermost Channel to receive notifications<br />5. Execute action</article>

**Expected**

> <article>On 2. Both options to execute are shown: open modal or input options as part of commands<br />On 5. The data is validated. `Trello` app bot sends response to confirm or to show error.</article>

<hr/>

**Step 2**

> <article>6. Run the `/trello subscription list` command<br />7. Run `/trello card create`. The card's board should be the same as the one subscribed<br />8. Run another `/trello card create`. The card's board should not be the same as the one subscribed<br />9. On Trello, update any value to any card from the subscribed Trello Board<br />10. Run the `/trello subscription remove` command<br />11. Add Subscription ID to remove (from `/trello subscription list command)<br />12. Execute action</article>

**Expected**

> <article>On 6. The list of all the Trello subscriptions is shown: Subscription ID, board's name and MM channel<br />On 7. A new post (card creation) will be shown on the subscribed channel<br />On 8. Nothing will be shown on any channel<br />On 9. A new post will be shown on the subscribed channel<br />On 12. The data is validated. `Trello` app bot sends response to confirm or to show error</article>

<hr/>

**Step 3**

> <article>13. Run `/trello card create`. The card's board should be the same as the one subscribed<br />14. Subscribe to multiple boards on the same channel using `/trello subscription add` and perform an action on each one</article>

**Expected**

> <article>On 13. Nothing happens<br />On 14. You should get notifications from all the boards subscribed to</article>

<hr/>
