---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Self-Hosted | Purchase license using existing admin account"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: In product purchase
authors: "@yasserfaraazkhan"
team_ownership: 
- Self-Serve
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: 77685589
key: MM-T5367
created_on: "2023-01-04T18:17:44Z"
last_updated: "2023-01-04T23:47:43Z"
case_hashed: 812974b030c8683939f38f879c2ee8ef04b7a31aaad6c88ada6984610b31e9622b250139b015fcbd4e7a4bdfe4cc1640
steps_hashed: 0bc3ba5e2d61535d73e00a1846a56162d50af168f723c98d24d597b419b48bd12a15a648ff41707042221d899aca2555
---

<!-- (Auto-generated) Based on frontmatter's "key" and "name" -->

## MM-T5367: Self-Hosted | Purchase license using existing admin account

---

**Step 1**

<https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-47424>

Pre-requisites:

- Have a workspace with test self-hosted currently on free plan.
- Make sure the instance where feature is being tested has the feature flag 'ServiceSettings.SelfHostedPurchase' enabled
- Instance will also need CloudSettings.CWSURL and CloudSettings.CWSAPIURL.hint: we can use cws-rfqa.test.mattermost.com

Test:

- Log into workspace with admin credentials.

- Navigate to System Console > Edition and License and verify there are no license existing.

- Click on 'View Plans' button.

- Click on 'Upgrade' button to purchase 'Professional' plan.

- Verify user is navigated to Purchase screen.

- Verify the various inputs Card details, Organization name, billing adress details.

- Verify on RHS, admin can enter 'Number of Users' and verify the calculation is displayed accordingly

  - Verify User cannot make a purchase for users below existing Active users count in the system.
  - Note: Number of users is always greater than or equal to existing users

- Verify the 'Upgrade' is enabled after entering all valid details

- Click on 'Upgrade' button and verify the purchase successfully goes through.

- Verify on System Console > Edition and License, the 'Professional' plan is displayed.

- Verify below fields are displayed with correct value

  START DATE: EXPIRES: USERS: ACTIVE USERS: EDITION: LICENSE ISSUED: COMPANY / ORG:
