---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Self-Hosted | Billing screen is updated with purchase info"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: In product purchase
authors: "@yasserfaraazkhan"
team_ownership: 
- Self-Serve
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: 77685591
key: MM-T5369
created_on: "2023-01-04T18:17:46Z"
last_updated: "2023-01-04T23:47:45Z"
case_hashed: 94a0fe9a4d2331799329142b7ac547d95d9f7ee12bb60028f9a23a196cc8100fdda0276f391ebbf21d5d04c586bf7445
steps_hashed: f5c99576719d2c79428179ca034e0bcca8a933c8b8254c0328f0f6eb16f64e92dcf2781b827a2025bdebc924658d9f5a
---

<!-- (Auto-generated) Based on frontmatter's "key" and "name" -->

## MM-T5369: Self-Hosted | Billing screen is updated with purchase info

---

**Step 1 from MM-T5367: Self-Hosted | Purchase license using existing admin account**

<!-- (Auto-generated) Note: Step 1.1 should not be updated here. Instead, modify directly to the referenced MM-T5367 test case. -->

_**Step 1.1**_

<https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-47424>

Pre-requisites:

- Have a workspace with test self-hosted currently on free plan.
- Make sure the instance where feature is being tested has the feature flag 'ServiceSettings.SelfHostedPurchase' enabled
- Instance will also need CloudSettings.CWSURL and CloudSettings.CWSAPIURL. Hint: may use `https://cws-rfqa.test.mattermost.com`

Test:

- Log into workspace with admin credentials.

- Navigate to System Console > Edition and License and verify there are no license existing.

- Click on 'View Plans' button.

- Click on 'Upgrade' button to purchase 'Professional' plan.

- Verify user is navigated to Purchase screen.

- Verify the various inputs Card details, Organization name, billing address details.

- Verify on RHS, admin can enter 'Number of Users' and verify the calculation is displayed accordingly

  - Verify User cannot make a purchase for users below existing Active users count in the system.
  - Note: Number of users is always greater than or equal to existing users

- Verify the 'Upgrade' is enabled after entering all valid details

- Click on 'Upgrade' button and verify the purchase successfully goes through.

- Verify on System Console > Edition and License, the 'Professional' plan is displayed.

- Verify below fields are displayed with correct value

  - START DATE: \<License start date>
  - EXPIRES: \<License expiration date>
  - USERS: \<Number of users license is valid for>
  - ACTIVE USERS: \<Active users in the system>
  - EDITION: \<Enterprise or Professional Edition>
  - LICENSE ISSUED: \<License issued date and time>
  - COMPANY / ORG: \<Organization name>

---

**Step 2**

Test:

Successful purchase.

- Follow steps in MM-T5367 to make a purchase.

- Verify user is able to see Success screen to confirm the purchase.

- Navigate to Billing Screen,

  - Verify billing details are displayed on the screen.
  - Total Price of purchase should be displayed
  - Payment status should be 'Paid' when successful purchase is made
  - Date of purchase should be displayed
  - Downloadable PDF link should be present
  - Verify the details of purchase like Users, Price are same as what we see in 'Edition and License' screen.

Unsuccessful purchase.

- The user should be able to see Failure screen in case payment fails.

- Verify User can see the message "Sorry, the payment verification failed".

- Verify User can see "Close" and "Contact Support" buttons.

- Click on "Close" button and verify user is taken to either Channels or System console > Edition and License screen depending upon from where the user started to make purchase.

- On System console > Edition and License screen, verify the instance is still on a "Free" plan and no license is loaded.

- Navigate to Billing Screen,

  - Verify billing details are not displayed.Note: Since this is the first purchase that admin makes, billing screen will not have any data in case purchase failure

Email Verification

- On successful purchase, the admin should be receiving the email with invoice details and invoice PDF attached.
- Verify the price calculation and user seats displayed in the Email invoice should be same as seen on Billing screen
