---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Self-Hosted | Verify Stripe subscription is updated"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: In product purchase
authors: "@yasserfaraazkhan"
team_ownership: 
- Self-Serve
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: 77685592
key: MM-T5370
created_on: "2023-01-04T18:17:47Z"
last_updated: "2023-01-04T23:47:46Z"
case_hashed: 75df3c72997a0031999bbe4d6844986db830db0c8da09aaa8c739b8dd08ae1666c23e062b86adf592d37f676137bdb03
steps_hashed: a37407cc886b8128e7eb938d7127a333222ea4ad6830649d8ad14140d3a1536cf1af3d66974983c2425f404a6b026598
---

<!-- (Auto-generated) Based on frontmatter's "key" and "name" -->

## MM-T5370: Self-Hosted | Verify Stripe subscription is updated

---

**Step 1 from MM-T5367: Self-Hosted | Purchase license using existing admin account**

<!-- (Auto-generated) Note: Step 1.1 should not be updated here. Instead, modify directly to the referenced MM-T5367 test case. -->

_**Step 1.1**_

<https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-47424>

Pre-requisites:

- Have a workspace with test self-hosted currently on free plan.
- Make sure the instance where feature is being tested has the feature flag 'ServiceSettings.SelfHostedPurchase' enabled
- Instance will also need CloudSettings.CWSURL and CloudSettings.CWSAPIURL. Hint: may use `https://cws-rfqa.test.mattermost.com`

Test:

- Log into workspace with admin credentials.

- Navigate to System Console > Edition and License and verify there are no license existing.

- Click on 'View Plans' button.

- Click on 'Upgrade' button to purchase 'Professional' plan.

- Verify user is navigated to Purchase screen.

- Verify the various inputs Card details, Organization name, billing address details.

- Verify on RHS, admin can enter 'Number of Users' and verify the calculation is displayed accordingly

  - Verify User cannot make a purchase for users below existing Active users count in the system.
  - Note: Number of users is always greater than or equal to existing users

- Verify the 'Upgrade' is enabled after entering all valid details

- Click on 'Upgrade' button and verify the purchase successfully goes through.

- Verify on System Console > Edition and License, the 'Professional' plan is displayed.

- Verify below fields are displayed with correct value

  - START DATE: \<License start date>
  - EXPIRES: \<License expiration date>
  - USERS: \<Number of users license is valid for>
  - ACTIVE USERS: \<Active users in the system>
  - EDITION: \<Enterprise or Professional Edition>
  - LICENSE ISSUED: \<License issued date and time>
  - COMPANY / ORG: \<Organization name>

---

**Step 2**

Test:

- Follow steps in MM-T5367 to make a purchase.
- Verify user is able to see Success screen to confirm the purchase.

On successful purchase, in Stripe,(manual)

- Verify that user is created with subscription and payment details is updated under the customer's account
- Verify pricing details and successful purchase on Card is registered

On unsuccessful purchase, due to payment issue, in Stripe,(manual)

- Verify if the User is created in stripe account.
- Verify if the newly created user has been charged. (Ideally, in unsuccessful scenario the subscription will not be created)
- Verify Billings page is not displayed to the user.
