---
name: "Adding users in and not-in group to team and channel via API(newline)(newline)POST(newline)https://selenium.test.mattermost.com/api/v4/teams/{teamid}/members(newline)(newline)POST(newline)https://selenium.test.mattermost.com/api/v4/channels/{channelid}/members"
status: Draft
priority: Normal
team_ownership: "Suite Users"
---

## MM-T2819: Adding users in and not-in group to team and channel via API(newline)(newline)POST(newline)https://selenium.test.mattermost.com/api/v4/teams/{teamid}/members(newline)(newline)POST(newline)https://selenium.test.mattermost.com/api/v4/channels/{channelid}/members

---

**Step 1**

Adding users in and not-in group to team and channel via API\
\
POST\
<https://selenium.test.mattermost.com/api/v4/teams/{teamid}/members>\
\
POST\
<https://selenium.test.mattermost.com/api/v4/channels/{channelid}/members>\
————————————————————————————

1. Login to a server with groups configured with the QA LDAP data.
2. Make linda.test a team admin of the "qa" team and make george.test a channel admin of the "xyz" channel.
3.  Update the database to set the "qa" team and the "xyz" channel to be group-constrained = true (ask for dev help if necessary).\
   {code}
4. UPDATE Teams SET GroupConstrained = true WHERE Name = 'qa';
5. UPDATE Channels SET GroupConstrained = true WHERE Name = 'xyz';\
   {code}
6.  Login as linda.test and try to add anyone outside of the qa group to the qa Mattermost team. The API should reject the request.
7. Add and remove lindy.test from the team to ensure that qa group members can still be added.
8. Login as george.test and try to add a non-xyz group member to the xyz channel. The API should reject the request.
9. Remove and add jesus.test from the xyz channel to ensure that xyz group members can still be added.

**Expected**

Tested as described:\
\
Step 4) Adding a user not in the group failed, with response "Team membership denied to the following users because of group constraints: \[ajojmw6m8b81frhryi8dzu7f8r]","\
Step 5) No error adding user in the group (removing gives a general group-constraint message: "Unable to remove a user from a group-constrained team.")\
Step 6) Adding a user not in the group failed, with response "Channel membership denied to the following users because of group constraints: \[8fe1npdbopgyuroreaj6dr3cne]"\
Step 7) User left channel in the UI (API failed to remove with group-constraint message as with team), then was able to successfully re-add via the API that user who is in the group
