---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "User's attributes are pulled from LDAP, not SAML  https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/PLT-8201"
status: Draft
priority: Normal
folder: AD LDAP
authors: ""
team_ownership: 
- Suite Users
priority_p1_to_p4: P3 - Deep Functions (Do extensive scenarios work?)

# (Optional)
location: AD LDAP
component: null
tags: []
labels: 
- ldap

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: To Do
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: 
- N/A
manual_test_environments: 
- Desktop
- Webapp

# Do not change
id: 5600872
key: MM-T2723
created_on: "2020-06-01T17:46:25Z"
last_updated: "2022-12-01T21:15:01Z"
case_hashed: 5f747777aafb3922eecb491273751bdca1a41d406ed3e8c1277f5c5a315e92c76f7e1ce7d3ad6f08cef17b3f3287c8b1
steps_hashed: 76493dc673899a51d679ad224a12284f0a845830aa01b6bbb10d6b261b58dbebaee99fcd895a8031bae6aacffd434a5d
---

<!-- (Auto-generated) Based on frontmatter's "key" and "name" -->

## MM-T2723: User's attributes are pulled from LDAP, not SAML https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/PLT-8201

---

**Step 1**

User's attributes are pulled from LDAP, not SAML\
\
https\://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/PLT-8201\
————————————————————————————

1. Set up Jumpcloud LDAP on rctest (info in private repo or secure note in LastPass. Verify OKTA is set up on rctest

2. Log into OKTA as admin and Jumpcloud as admin

3. Observe a user in both (test.one or test.two), ensure:

   - neither OKTA nor LDAP user is already on the server
   - email addresses match in OKTA and LDAP
   - first and last names are different in OKTA vs. LDAP
   - in OKTA there are some uppercase letters in username and email address
     \
     e.g.: FirstOKTA LastOKTA | Test.One\@mattermost.com in OKTA, and TestLDAP OneLDAP | Test.One in LDAP

4. In rctesting, set SAML ➜ Enable Synchronizing SAML Accounts With AD/LDAP to false

5. In a different browser from where you're logged in as admin on Mattermost, OKTA, and Jumpcloud: click the OKTA login button and enter the OKTA account email address and password for the test user

6. Verify first/last name in Account Settings is from OKTA

7. As system admin, sync LDAP, back in other browser refresh and verify user info is still from OKTA

8. As system admin, set SAML to sync with LDAP, then sync LDAP

9. As user in other browser, refresh after sync completes, and verify user info is now from LDAP

10. Admin: Edit first/last in LDAP (Jumpcloud), sync LDAP

11. Other user: refresh Mm, verify updated in Account Settings

12. Admin: Edit first/last in OKTA, sync LDAP

13. Other user: refresh Mm, verify still LDAP info, no change in names in Account Settings

14. Other user: Log out and back in using OKTA, names in Account Settings are now the OKTA values edited in step 12

15. Admin: sync LDAP

16. Other user: refresh Mm, verify updated back to the LDAP values in Account Settings (as updated in step 10)

**Expected**

- With SAML-LDAP sync on, user's attributes are pulled from LDAP, not SAML; with it off user's attributes are pulled from SAML
