---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: 'Test Ranged Retrieval of Attribute Values'
status: Active
priority: Low
folder: AD LDAP
authors: ''
team_ownership:
  - Suite Users
priority_p1_to_p4: P4 - Low-Impact (Edge or unsuitable to repeat?)

# (Optional)
location: AD LDAP
component: null
tags:
  - Never tested
labels:
  - ldap
  - fix-versions-not-empty-2022cleanup
tested_by_contributor: ''

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: To Do
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest:
  - N/A
manual_test_environments:
  - Desktop
  - Webapp

  # Do not change
id: 5612571
key: MM-T2820
created_on: '2020-06-02T20:03:50Z'
last_updated: ''
case_hashed: 677795a6ab91fd04de28d6c17559e251f1b30503479954219f25d05696d3039b006db8ca10600770ee6c72df47ecf091
steps_hashed: 44ad98d72c2c8680384a9cd653265ee6985553289c031c4e72d0235143bed0d4c97949d0408f4374c23085722f8ec47a
---

<!-- (Auto-generated) Based on frontmatter's "key" and "name" -->

## MM-T2820: Test Ranged Retrieval of Attribute Values

---

**Step 1**

Test Ranged Retrieval of Attribute Values\
————————————————————————————\
**Ensure Active Directory is setup for this testcase and shared by the Development Team (preferably Martin Kraft). The MaxRangeVal should be configured in the Active Directory instance**\
\\

1. Load AD/LDAP page in system console, with all the settings filled in.
2. At the bottom of the page, click "AD/LDAP Test"

_Related ticket(s):_

(**Story**) [Add support for ranged retrieval of attribute values — MM-19743](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-19743)

**Expected**

- Confirmation message saying the connection is successful.

---

**Step 2**

1. Ensure LDAP Group Sync is enabled and configured and mapped to Teams.
2. Login as an existing LDAP user and check if login works fine and they have access to the existing teams/channels.

**Expected**

- Existing LDAP user should be able to login successfully and they should have access to correct teams/channels.

---

**Step 3**

1. Login as a new LDAP user and check if login works fine and they are assigned to the Team automatically based on the LDAP Group sync rule.

**Expected**

- New LDAP user should be able to login successfully and they should have access to correct teams/channels.

---

**Step 4**

1. On System Console AD/LDAP Page, click AD/LDAP Synchronize now button.

**Expected**

- AD/LDAP Synchronization should work fine and should be successful.

---

**Step 5**

1. Check if users have access to the same teams/channels even after synchronization

**Expected**

- All existing users should continue to have access to the same teams/channels even after synchronization.
