---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Check for Ignore Guest Users when Synchronizing with AD/LDAP"
status: Active
priority: Smoke test
folder: AD LDAP
authors: ""
team_ownership: 
- Suite Users
priority_p1_to_p4: P3 - Deep Functions (Do extensive scenarios work?)

# (Optional)
location: AD LDAP
component: System Console
tags: 
- Never tested
labels: 
- ldap
- fix-versions-not-empty-2022cleanup

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: 
- N/A
manual_test_environments: 
- Webapp

# Do not change
id: 7544905
key: MM-T3420
created_on: "2020-10-20T16:47:52Z"
last_updated: ""
case_hashed: 807c96fe4ee60d313eb783a1e6adde46d26ea74ecdd3af238c95a6edc393a947b334d9fa0e531a3aa3cfaf8e6e1f6254
steps_hashed: 8ac7d27799d0706ebad86a3ed0ce5ce49d425b8de99133e45e3db636c8c1a1ef096f239dd52380e961cecc0435aaa3a9
---

<!-- (Auto-generated) Based on frontmatter's "key" and "name" -->

## MM-T3420: Check for Ignore Guest Users when Synchronizing with AD/LDAP

---

**Step 1**

**Setup ADFS and LDAP with following configurations:**\
\
**ADFS -**\
1\. ADFS setup in Active Directory (adfs.e2etest.dev.spinmint.com)\
2\. SAML needs to be setup with ADFS. (https\://docs.mattermost.com/deployment/sso-saml-adfs-msws2016.html)\
2a. Set "Enable Synchronizing SAML Accounts with AD/LDAP" = true\
2b. Set "Ignore Guest Users when Synchronizing with AD/LDAP" = true\
2c. Set "Guest Filter" = Username=\*guest\* 2b. Set "Id Attribute" = "objectGUID"\
3\. Mattermost must be running in SSL. (https\://docs.mattermost.com/install/config-tls-mattermost.html)\
\
**LDAP -**\
1\. AD/LDAP setup in Active Directory (adfs.e2etest.dev.spinmint.com)\
2\. LDAP needs to be setup in Mattermost (https\://docs.mattermost.com/deployment/sso-ldap.html)\
2a. Set "Enable Synchronization with AD/LDAP" = true 2b.\
Set "ID Attribute" = "objectGUID"\
2c. Set "User Filter" = "(sn=user)"\
\
\
**Test Steps:**\
1\. Once both systems are setup and working independently, Test SAML Login by logging in as a user containing the username guest in it. For example: samlguest-1 or samlguest-2\
2\. Go to LDAP, run LDAP Sync. - Ensure Guest User was not deactivated.\
\
Repeat the above steps by setting the config "Ignore Guest Users when Synchronizing with AD/LDAP" to false in SAML configuration page and verify that Guest User gets deactivated when LDAP Sync is run

**Expected**

- If the config "Ignore Guest Users when Synchronizing with AD/LDAP" is set to True, then Guest User should not be deactivated when LDAP Sync is complete.
- If the config "Ignore Guest Users when Synchronizing with AD/LDAP" is set to False, then Guest User should be deactivated when LDAP Sync is complete.
