---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "For Self-hosted | On Customer Portal payment page | Admins should be able to purchase additional seats for existing license"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: Co-term Expansion
authors: "@yasserfaraazkhan"
team_ownership: 
- Self-Serve
priority_p1_to_p4: P1 - Smoke Tests (App testable?)

# (Optional)
location: Cloud
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: ""

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: 57804775
key: MM-T5295
created_on: "2022-11-10T09:36:41Z"
last_updated: "2022-11-16T21:04:07Z"
case_hashed: ae6367f8d78c03cfa11659f34839ae6e4ae3f44d1bf9c8cf2f5d5a575e00cd304c21138ecb33a0f2449acc7f6fe9aced
steps_hashed: ece4fb188e07051829c2617b1bf3c9ff330a4ae5b56baf463ad39f65ab2137ad1ce92c640cc6826c77c03308266b11c1
---

<!-- (Auto-generated) Based on frontmatter's "key" and "name" -->

## MM-T5295: For Self-hosted | On Customer Portal payment page | Admins should be able to purchase additional seats for existing license

---

**Step 1**

Ref Story and Figma: [MM-47641](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-47641)

Pre-requisites:

- The workspace should be having an active License for X number of users
- The workspace can be at the initial, mid or end of its license term
- Only Admins should be able to add user to current plan (either Professional or Enterprise)
- If the current license is ending in 60 the expansion option is not shown

Note: Purchase additional license is only available if the workspace is not in a renewal period.

Test Steps:

1. Login to portal or create a new account.

2. Move to Licenses page. Verify current License details like Start (date), Expiry (date), Users count, Total (cost).

3. If Active users are less than the Number for which license was purchased, Verify only "Download license" button is shown.

4. If Active users are more than the Number for which license was purchased, Verify "Purchase additional seats" & "Download license" buttons are shown.Verify a CTA is displayed with color background to indicate the margin by with the user count has exceeded.

   - Content of CTA with orange border "You have exceeded your license seat count. Purchase additional seats" (if it exceeds by 5% )
   - Content of CTA with Red border "You have exceeded your license seat count by X users. Purchase additional seats" (if it exceeds more than 10% )

5. Click on "Purchase additional seats" (assuming there is a license where users are exceeding).

6. New payment page with heading "Update your seat count" should open

7. Verify on RHS, License details like Name, "Additional seats" (count of users that exceeded) input field, Cost per user (count x months remaining in plan) "total cost", "complete purchase" button

   - Verify the Cost calculation is pro-rated.

8. Click on "Complete purchase" button

9. Verify "updating workspace information" page is shown

10. On successful purchase, Verify "Added X users more to your license" message is shown, with option buttons to "View Billing"

11. Verify purchase details on "purchase history" page

**Expected**

Verify the purchase for additional users was successful and purchase history page shows details of purchase. Details should include Date (date of purchase), Description (License name and annual/pro-rata subscription), Users, Price, Total, Status (purchase status)
