---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Manage Users - Guest User Options"
status: Active
priority: Low
folder: Guest Identification
authors: ""
team_ownership: 
- Suite Users

# (Optional)
priority_p1_to_p4: P3 - Deep Functions (Do extensive scenarios work?)
location: Guest Accounts
component: null
tags: 
- Never tested
labels: 
- TM4J-Key-Missing-In-Cypress
- guest-accounts
- cy-rep-missing-or-skipped

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: Update
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: 
- Webapp

# Do not change
id: 4152376
key: MM-T1393
created_on: "2020-01-30T23:27:13Z"
last_updated: ""
case_hashed: 52241a5ea17a6f76a87ec5e0a192e1fb5146aceae8d2729c20220c235324089ae460a861aa08d1c0e95b8c0f1d103ec7
steps_hashed: 2c5982ca6b0b76b871abf4a630c0d9efb89b2d65f991b47a57d0e84d0d1918e3578a63861c0211f71038469f2376b04f
---

<!-- (Auto-generated) Based on frontmatter's "key" and "name" -->

## MM-T1393: Manage Users - Guest User Options

---

**Step 1**

Manage Users - Guest User Options\
–––––––––––––––––––––––––

1. Login to the application and click on Invite People and invite few guests. Accept all the invitations and ensure there are different guest users in the system.
2. Now Log in as a team admin and navigate to System Console ➜ Users Page.
3. Select Deactivate option for one of the Guest Users and confirm the action.
4. Select Activate option for one of the disabled Guest Users and confirm the action.
5. Select a Guest User and promote that user as a Regular Member.
6. Select a Regular Member and demote that user as a Guest User.
7. Select Reset Password for a Guest User and change the Guest User's Password.
8. Select Update Email for a Guest user and change the Guest User's Email.
9. Select Revoke Sessions for a Guest user and check if user is logged out

**Expected**

- Admin should be able to deactivate a Guest User
- Admin should be able to activate a Guest User
- Admin should be able to promote a Guest user to a Regular Member. That user should no longer be shown as Guest user anywhere in the application & system console.
- Admin should be able to demote a Regular Member to a Guest user. That user should be no longer shown as Member and instead should be shown as Guest user in the application & system console.
- Admin should be able to change password of a Guest User.
- Admin should be able to change email of a Guest User.
- Admin should be able to revoke session of a Guest User.
