---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Manage Users - Manage Team for Guest User"
status: Active
priority: Low
folder: Guest Identification
authors: ""
team_ownership:
- Suite Users
priority_p1_to_p4: P4 - Low-Impact (Edge or unsuitable to repeat?)

# (Optional)
location: Guest Accounts
component: null
tags: []
labels:
- guest-accounts
tested_by_contributor: ""

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: Ticket Open
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments:
- Webapp

# Do not change
id: 4152378
key: MM-T1395
created_on: "2020-01-30T23:27:13Z"
last_updated: ""
case_hashed: 11c758662b706850bf59a442142d4e1a24a7d36604c5a231752630dc4a166f0bf1db08bdb7b3ceff1c9470d2e9fce09b
steps_hashed: c83a5b40a849be804dfced194f1cd0f3a2a4324d7d6aed2fe955d44f99e33596a1917df6e63b7316c68cdf899e62d85a
---

<!-- (Auto-generated) Based on frontmatter's "key" and "name" -->

## MM-T1395: Manage Users - Manage Team for Guest User

---

**Step 1**

Manage Users - Manage Team for Guest User\
–––––––––––––––––––––––––

1. Login to the application and click on Invite People and invite few guests. Accept all the invitations and ensure there are different guest users in the system.
2. Now Log in as a team admin and navigate to System Console -> Users Page.
3. For one of the Guest users, select an option to manage team and check the popup
4. Click on the option to Promote to User.
5. Click on Remove from Team option.
6. Remove all teams for a Guest user

**Expected**

- The Manage Team popup should only show a list of all teams which the Guest User has access to.
- That user should be shown as a Guest User in the Manage Team popup and not as a Team Member.
- Guest dropdown should only show options to Promote to User and Remove from Team.
- Admin should be able to promote a Guest User to a Regular member from the Manage Team popup.
- Admin should be able to remove a team for a Guest User. The logged in Guest user should be automatically redirected to one of the other teams which that guest user has access to.
- When all Teams are removed for a Guest User and the guest users is logged in (or) logs in, the user should be deactivated, logged out and redirected to the login page with an error message indicating that the user's account has been deactivated. Please contact the administrator.
