---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Permission-Based Root Post Deletion"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: Post Delete Helper
authors: "@saturninoabril"
team_ownership:
- Deployment Eng
priority_p1_to_p4: P3 - Deep Functions (Do extensive scenarios work?)

# (Optional)
location: Plugins
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: ""

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: N/A
detox: N/A
mmctl: N/A
playwright: N/A
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: 260927157
key: MM-T5885
created_on: "2025-09-18T08:05:10Z"
last_updated: "2025-09-18T13:35:17Z"
case_hashed: a05de4216c749141a7b0d1645b07d306b9223e91da38c815a7b36752761da12ffbbeee7daf760ac81818fd7eb13395aa
steps_hashed: 710468c2f890133bef80ae697df4d80be819d59079036ec45b192a4e07ea18c46c4b86c4cf9375557edacc8dc9ffb4d9
---

<!-- (Auto-generated) Based on frontmatter's "key" and "name" -->

## MM-T5885: Permission-Based Root Post Deletion

---

**Step 1**

1. Create two threads: one with a root post where the user has the `Edit Own Posts` permission (configured in `System Console > Permission`), and another without such permission.
2. Check if the "Remove root post" option is available for each root post.
3. If available, select "Remove root post".

**Expected**

- The "Remove root post" option should be available only for root posts where the user has permission to edit their own posts.
- When the root post is deleted by its own user with the correct permission, the root post message is replaced with `*Deleted*` (default), marked as `Edited`, and the thread remains unchanged.
- If the user lacks permission, the option to delete the root post should not be available.

---

**Step 2**

1. Post two threads: one with root post where the user has `Edit Others' Posts` permission (configured in `System Console > Permission`), and another without such permission.
2. Verify if the "Remove root post" option is available for each root post.
3. If available, select "Remove root post".

**Expected**

- The "Remove root post" option should be available only for root posts where the user has permission to edit others' posts.
- When the root post is deleted by other user with the correct permission, the root post message is replaced with `*Deleted*` (default), marked as `Edited`, and the thread remains unchanged.
- If the user lacks permission, the option to delete the root post of others should not be available.
