---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Error displays when channel banner text exceeds the character limit"
status: Draft
priority: Normal
folder: Channel Banner
authors: ""
team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P3 - Deep Functions (Do extensive scenarios work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels:
- enterprise
- channel-banner
tested_by_contributor: ""

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: 227918668
key: MM-T5742
created_on: "2025-03-01T01:25:13Z"
last_updated: "2025-07-14T13:18:54Z"
case_hashed: 29e7cc69435bec36c0516b23c7904d0fe3b3097a9daf1621896ceeb3e2d243f8aebbcbcf0c4b6da858790ac42a2f6723
steps_hashed: f2ae38551fc55520097d49e4267aa3f59185e194745d5e7947550bf7e5925ebe0307c3d5b60d83213da4e050b8e2b8c6
---

<!-- (Auto-generated) Based on frontmatter's "key" and "name" -->

## MM-T5742: Error displays when channel banner text exceeds the character limit

**Precondition**

Premium-only

---

**Step 1**

1\. On a public or private channel\
2\. Click the channel name, select Channel Settings, then click Configuration in the modal's left nav\
3\. Click the toggle to enable Channel banner, observe banner options appear\
4\. Enter banner text that exceeds the character limit, such as:\
\
This banner text is way too long, and should result in an error on saving. The error should say "Banner text cannot exceed 1024 characters." This banner text is way too long, and should result in an error on saving. The error should say "Banner text cannot exceed 1024 characters." This banner text is way too long, and should result in an error on saving. The error should say "Banner text cannot exceed 1024 characters." This banner text is way too long, and should result in an error on saving. The error should say "Banner text cannot exceed 1024 characters." This banner text is way too long, and should result in an error on saving. The error should say "Banner text cannot exceed 1024 characters." This banner text is way too long, and should result in an error on saving. The error should say "Banner text cannot exceed 1024 characters." This banner text is way too long, and should result in an error on saving. The error should say "Banner text cannot exceed 1024 characters." The X at the end is character #1025: X\
\
5\. Observe error message displays below the text field: "Banner text cannot exceed 1024 characters"\
6\. Click Save and observe error message "Channel banner info text is too long. Max allowed length is 1024 characters."\
6\. Delete one character

**Expected**

After deleting down to 1024 characters, error text disappears and banner is able to be saved
