---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Renewal | Should be available to Renew within the product"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: In-product Renewal
authors: "@yasserfaraazkhan"
team_ownership: 
- Self-Serve
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: 83365677
key: MM-T5410
created_on: "2023-03-24T07:10:22Z"
last_updated: "2023-03-24T07:10:21Z"
case_hashed: 21fc8227e9ec333e0a3dfcd65ce39c7bcc5225177befdad7ee763ecb7b9551720fdcb7898841328d524679b2857eb0c2
steps_hashed: 30cefb3818a5921e15d5fc2858fa7cfb0fcf4e74ff9818a3c0d3a29a22b391489b817e0eba4a61203d30a879473ad01d
---

<!-- (Auto-generated) Based on frontmatter's "key" and "name" -->

## MM-T5410: Renewal | Should be available to Renew within the product

---

**Step 1**

Ref Epic: <https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-50363>

Pre-requisites:

- Should be a self-hosted instance
- Should be up for renewal
- Should not be a sales-serve
- Should not be Airgapped

Test:

Scenario 1: Renewing the current professional plan

1. Login with Admin and navigate to System Console

2. Verify Global banner for Renewal with message `License expires in X days. Renew now to avoid disruption <['Renew now'] button>`

3. Verify CTA is Renewal with message

4. Verify on `View Plan` modal `Renew` is shown on Professional card

5. Verify on `View Plan` modal `Upgrade` is shown on Enterprise card and contact sales is removed

6. Click on `Renew` and verify purchase modal is opened

7. On RHS,

   - Enter #number of seats. Number should be equal to or greater than current active seats
   - Verify the current plan `Professional` is displayed

8. Verify the total cost is displayed

9. Enter required card information and verify `Complete the purchase` button is enabled. Click on Complete the purchase

10. Verify the purchase is successful and user can see a message `You've successfully renewed your license!`

11. Verify `Close` button is displayed and user can go back to System Console page

Scenario 1: Upgrading to Enterprise plan

1. Login with Admin and Navigate to System Console

2. Verify Global banner for Renewal with message `<Professional| Enterprise> License is expired and some features may be disabled <['Renew now'] button>`

3. Verify a Disabled button with text `Add seats` is displayed in license section.

4. Verify message `Expired` beside expiring date in the license

5. Verify on `View Plan` modal `Renew` is shown on Professional card

6. Verify on `View Plan` modal `Upgrade` is shown on Entriprise card and contact sales is removed

7. Click on `Upgrade` and verify purchase modal is opened

8. On RHS,

   - Enter #number of seats. Number should be equal to or greater than current active seats
   - Verify the current plan `Enterprise` is displayed

9. Verify the total cost is displayed

10. Enter required card information and verify `Complete the purchase` button is enabled. Click on Complete the purchase

11. Verify the purchase is successful and user can see a message `You've successfully renewed your license!`

12. Verify `Close` button is displayed and user can go back to System Console page
