---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Keyboard usability of Emoji Picker"
status: Active
priority: Low
folder: ADA Accessibility
authors: ""
team_ownership: 
- Channels
priority_p1_to_p4: P3 - Deep Functions (Do extensive scenarios work?)

# (Optional)
location: ADA Accessibility
component: null
tags: 
- Never tested
labels: 
- Need-To-Break-Steps-To-Match-Cypress
- cy-rep-missing-or-skipped
tested_by_contributor: ""

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: Update
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: 
- N/A
manual_test_environments: 
- Webapp

# Do not change
id: 4403905
key: MM-T1516
created_on: "2020-02-17T18:15:05Z"
last_updated: ""
case_hashed: 2ed7d2d73029a2aa6fda1283ef0d3c74130ccf001f1a5a00172c210f49d7a124a9735540ee5769291d66f2d3e8b8b2a6
steps_hashed: 97a1884af6a43960236817b0f7e1c1dec1caf991ea6f956233450294a60b0b0ddc805aa850be1c3d45a37a362b5476a0
---

<!-- (Auto-generated) Based on frontmatter's "key" and "name" -->

## MM-T1516: Keyboard usability of Emoji Picker

---

**Step 1**

Keyboard usability of Emoji Picker\
–––––––––––––––––––––––––

1. Open the emoji picker
2. Enter text into the search box
3. Use the arrow key to try to go back and correct text
   \
   (arrow key to move, shift and arrow to select, etc.)

_Related ticket(s):_

(**Story**) [Improve the keyboard usability of the emoji picker — MM-13064](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-13064)

**Expected**

1. If the left arrow key is pressed while focus is on the emoji picker text box, the cursor should move left in the text.
2. If the right arrow key is pressed when the cursor is at the end of the word in the text box, move the selection to the right in the emoji picker, otherwise move the cursor to the right in the text.
3. If the down arrow key is pressed at any time, move the selection down in the emoji picker
4. If the up arrow is pressed when the emoji selector is already on the top row of emoji, set the cursor to the beginning of the string. Otherwise, up arrow moves the emoji selector up a row.
5. If CTRL/CMD + Arrow Left/Up is pressed at any time, set the cursor to the beginning of the string when the cursor is at the end of the string.
6. If CTRL/CMD + Arrow Right/Down is pressed at any time, set the cursor to the end of the string when the cursor is at the beginning of the string.
7. If Shift + Arrow Left/Right is pressed at any time, should select or deselect individual characters based on the cursor position and if characters have or have not been selected.
8. If Shift + CTRL/CMD + Arrow Left/Up is pressed at any time, selects the string to the left of the cursor.
9. If Shift + CTRL/CMD + Arrow Right/Down is pressed at any time, selects the string to the right of the cursor.
