---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Post Reactions option removed for Guests & Members in Team Override Scheme"
status: Active
priority: Low
folder: Channel Moderation Settings
authors: ""
team_ownership:
- Suite Users
priority_p1_to_p4: P4 - Low-Impact (Edge or unsuitable to repeat?)

# (Optional)
location: Enterprise
component: System Console
tags:
- Never tested
labels:
- TM4J-Key-Missing-In-Cypress
- Fixed-TM4J-Key-In-Cypress-Partial
- enterprise
- fix-versions-not-empty-2022cleanup
- cy-rep-missing-or-skipped
tested_by_contributor: ""

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: Update
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest:
- N/A
manual_test_environments:
- Webapp

# Do not change
id: 4712177
key: MM-T1546
created_on: "2020-03-03T12:43:36Z"
last_updated: "2022-09-09T20:27:50Z"
case_hashed: 9265f85411c758ce5605c5fd1c8eac5b76e37608c28b0d34fcc7a61d869e0252bca419fcb87ee6c92a0df3372d6c536c
steps_hashed: d6946e72a5a460b8fe70aa90c962521e7b832829634d238352484930f5048e1db8ba84fba25b2bfe764dc93347ed29e9
---

<!-- (Auto-generated) Based on frontmatter's "key" and "name" -->

## MM-T1546: Post Reactions option removed for Guests & Members in Team Override Scheme

**Objective**

Post Reactions option removed for Guests & Members in Team Override Scheme

**Precondition**

None

---

**Step 1**

1. Login as sysadmin and visit the Permissions page in the system console.
2. Add a New Team Override Scheme and remove the Post Reaction option for Guests & Save.
3. Visit the Channels page and click on a channel for which the Team Override scheme was applied.
4. Note that the option to allow Post Reactions to a Guest user should be disabled. A message should be displayed indicating the same.

_Related ticket(s):_

- (**Epic**) [Channel Moderation Settings — MM-11670](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-11670)
- (**Story**) [Add E2E tests + Unit tests for Channel Moderation Widget — MM-23102](http://mmthttps%3A//mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-23102)

**Expected**

- Post Reaction option should be disabled for a Guest User. A message "Post reactions for guests are disabled in the Team Override Scheme" should be displayed.

---

**Step 2**

1. Similarly remove the Post Reaction option for Members in Team Override Scheme & Save.
2. The option to allow Post Reactions to a Member should be disabled. A message should be displayed indicating the same.
3. Login as a Guest User and visit any channel in the team (mentioned in step 1B above).

**Expected**

- Post Reaction option should be disabled for a Members. A message "Post reactions for guests & members are disabled in the Team Override Scheme" should be displayed.

---

**Step 3**

1. Check if the user has the permission to react to their posts or to any other posts in the channel.

**Expected**

- Guest User should not have the permission to react to any post on any channel in that team when the option is removed from the Team Override Scheme.

---

**Step 4**

1. Login as a Regular Member and visit any channel in the team (mentioned in step 1B above).
2. Check if the user has the permission to react to their posts or to any other posts in the channel.

**Expected**

- Member should not have the permission to react to any post on any channel in that team when the option is removed from the Team Override Scheme.
