---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Post Reactions option removed for Guests & Members in System Scheme"
status: Active
priority: Low
folder: Channel Moderation Settings
authors: ""
team_ownership: 
- Suite Users

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: Update
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: 
- N/A
manual_test_environments: 
- Webapp

# (Optional)
component: System Console
priority_p1_to_p4: P4 - Low-Impact (Edge or unsuitable to repeat?)
location: Enterprise
tags: []
labels: 
- TM4J-Key-Missing-In-Cypress
- Fixed-TM4J-Key-In-Cypress
- enterprise
- fix-versions-not-empty-2022cleanup
- cy-rep-missing-or-skipped

# Do not change
id: 4712176
key: MM-T1545
folder_path: suite/enterprise/channel-moderation-settings
created_on: "2020-03-03T12:43:36Z"
last_updated: "2022-09-09T20:27:45Z"
case_hashed: ec979fdac95fb0d21a265a76a32c039e222be64bbfb1864cc997bb3220642daf37427fc62f6f5124c42fa741994cc574
steps_hashed: f69ae0dc8da19f555291df43f837c84e7538dd6a9000b16ba74fbc7b7f53f53ce9709e06b9a6744712210d7f55f7b335
---

## MM-T1545: Post Reactions option removed for Guests & Members in System Scheme

**Objective**

Post Reactions option removed for Guests & Members in System Scheme

**Precondition**

None

---

**Step 1**

1. Login as sysadmin and visit the Permissions page in the system console.
2. Edit the System Scheme and remove the Post Reaction option for Guests & Save.
3. Visit the Channels page and click on a channel.
4. Note that the option to allow Post Reactions to a Guest user should be disabled. A message should be displayed indicating the same.
5. Similarly remove the Post Reaction option for Members in System Scheme & Save.
6. The option to allow Post Reactions to a Member should be disabled. A message should be displayed indicating the same.
7. Login as a Guest User and visit the same channel.
8. Check if the user has the permission to react to their posts or to any other posts in the channel.
9. Login as a Regular Member and visit the same channel.
10. Check if the user has the permission to react to their posts or to any other posts in the channel.

_Related ticket(s):_

- (**Epic**) [Channel Moderation Settings — MM-11670](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-11670)
- (**Story**) [Add E2E tests + Unit tests for Channel Moderation Widget — MM-23102](http://mmthttps%3A//mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-23102)

**Expected**

After #4,\\

- Post Reaction option should be disabled for a Guest User. A message "Post reactions for guests are disabled in the System Scheme" should be displayed.

After #6,\\

- Post Reaction option should be disabled for a Members. A message "Post reactions for guests & members are disabled in the System Scheme" should be displayed.

After #8,\\

- Guest User should not have the permission to react to any post on any channel when the option is removed from the System Scheme.

After #10,\\

- Member should not have the permission to react to any post on any channel when the option is removed from the System Scheme.
