---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Editing a post with Ctrl+Enter on for all messages configured"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: Messaging
authors: ""
team_ownership: 
- Channels

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: in Production
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: 
- Automated - No manual tests needed

# (Optional)
component: null
priority_p1_to_p4: P3 - Deep Functions (Do extensive scenarios work?)
location: Messaging
tags: []
labels: 
- cy-prod
- messaging
- fix-versions-not-empty-2022cleanup

# Do not change
id: 3977396
key: MM-T712
folder_path: channels/messaging
created_on: "2020-01-09T18:36:54Z"
last_updated: ""
case_hashed: fd9107bd7aab1fc349a7813010398848616e766f6d0ce5bfbb239a5d24dd6ddb3e829a2353c473aba9e86d12ac73d1f8
steps_hashed: db9afaaff69911994023ffeada1a7e62d999427ecbcfac773c963c4f50e80a020bebc6a5be0fa52558d97d9b01414ad9
---

## MM-T712: Editing a post with Ctrl+Enter on for all messages configured

---

**Step 1**

1. Set "Account Settings ➜ Advanced ➜ Send Messages on CTRL/⌘+ENTER" to "On for all messages"
2. Write a post **without** code block and hit Enter (not submitted), hit Ctrl/⌘+Enter (submitted). 
3. Edit the previous post hit enter (not submitted), hit Ctrl/⌘+Enter (submitted). 
4. Write a post with a complete (**with opening and closing** code block quotes) code block and hit Enter (not submitted), hit Ctrl/⌘+Enter (submitted). 
5. Edit the previous post and hit Enter (not submitted), hit Ctrl/⌘+Enter (submitted). 
6. Write a post with an incomplete (**with opening but no closing** code block quotes) code block and hit Enter (not submitted), hit Ctrl/⌘+Enter (submitted). 
7. Edit the previous post and hit Enter (not submitted), hit Ctrl/⌘+Enter (submitted). 
8. Write a post with a complete (**with opening but no closing** code block quotes) code block but the caret position in the middle of the code block and hit Enter (not submitted), hit Ctrl/⌘+Enter (submitted). 
9. Edit the previous post, set the caret position in the middle of the code block and hit Enter (not submitted), hit Ctrl/⌘+Enter (submitted).

_Related ticket(s):_

- [Editing a post and hitting \<enter> in code block saves post automatically instead of adding newline — MM-20658](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-20658)
- (Invalid) [⌘+Enter doesn't post an edited post with "Send messages on ⌘+Enter" enabled for all messages — MM-26700](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-26700)
- [Entering a code block without the closing ticks (\`\`\`) posts as plain text with "Send messages with ⌘+Enter" switched off — MM-26701](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-26701)
- [Cypress/E2E: Automate backlogs - Messaging > Edit (11 test cases) — MM-28266](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-28266)
- (Invalid) [ctrl+enter sends message in mac — MM-31675](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-31675)
  \
  Design notes (from MM-31675)\
  _After some investigation, we decided to support the ctrl + enter shortcut, but don't feel we need to advertise it's a supported mechanism to post messages. Supporting the ctrl + enter aligns with our forgiving principle. 0/5 if we should consider this a bug or not._

**Test Data**

Note:

- Windows/Linux: CTRL+ENTER
- Mac: ⌘+ENTER

**Expected**

Refer to each step.
