---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Scrolled to bottom when sending a message"
status: Active
priority: Smoke test
folder: Messaging
authors: ""
team_ownership:
- Channels
priority_p1_to_p4: P3 - Deep Functions (Do extensive scenarios work?)

# (Optional)
location: Messaging
component: null
tags: []
labels:
- TM4J-Key-Mapped-In-Cypress-Release
- cy-prod
- rf-cloud-webapp
- messaging
tested_by_contributor: ""

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: in Production
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest:
- Mobile v1
- Webapp
- Cloud
- in Production
- Mobile V2 Android
- Mobile V2 iOS
manual_test_environments:
- Automated - No manual tests needed

# Do not change
id: 3742425
key: MM-T216
created_on: "2019-12-20T20:46:42Z"
last_updated: ""
case_hashed: f4cc5b40cd9cecab29cc0f747d94d4dc229f87bb7c6b38d583ed47a0f3745c79be0559549f2635c9cc6e985edeb8851c
steps_hashed: c60bd549360a8b7b0987df94729017496e7f69d2e8cfb30185b5da91877752c23e99566924e554969cd1720b0af87611
---

<!-- (Auto-generated) Based on frontmatter's "key" and "name" -->

## MM-T216: Scrolled to bottom when sending a message

---

**Step 1**

Scroll to bottom when sending a message\
–––––––––––––––––––––––––

1. Login as **User1** on one platform and as **User2** on another.

2. Identify a channel you both belong to (we'll call it **Channel1**)

3. Have **User1** view any channel _other than_ **Channel1**

4. On another browser have **User2** view **Channel1**

5. As **User2**, submit a very long post in **Channel1** (containing around 30-40 lines; can use text from Test Data field)

6. As **User1**, switch to **Channel1** and note that you're scrolled to the New Message toast line\\

7. **User1** post a new message in that channel (**not** a reply)

8. Check if **User1** is scrolled to the bottom after sending a message

**Test Data**

Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator.\
\
Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator.\
\
Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator.\
\
Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator.\
\
Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator. Here's a new message that will appear directly below the New Messages indicator.

**Expected**

- **User1** should be automatically scrolled to the bottom after sending a message
