---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "RN apps: More Messages banner and New Messages line"
status: Active
priority: Low
folder: Messaging
authors: ""
team_ownership:
- Channels
priority_p1_to_p4: P3 - Deep Functions (Do extensive scenarios work?)

# (Optional)
location: Messaging
component: null
tags: []
labels:
- 1.42-p123
- messaging
- fix-versions-not-empty-2022cleanup
tested_by_contributor: ""

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: N/A
detox: N/A
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest:
- N/A
manual_test_environments:
- Mobile

# Do not change
id: 6308707
key: MM-T3152
created_on: "2020-07-22T21:18:24Z"
last_updated: ""
case_hashed: 7cbb3eac8ef62967ffbf321a23fb8296f05450b358e2c8a9b303a85189291eb086e7ac58542dcde74d1293a60a46a2fa
steps_hashed: caf92c274395df44f339eff04fea6157c69264cfd407e561a574a89ae94efe2ac3a5dfee16f47c4f92775b19e277889b
---

<!-- (Auto-generated) Based on frontmatter's "key" and "name" -->

## MM-T3152: RN apps: More Messages banner and New Messages line

---

**Step 1**

RN apps: More Messages banner and New Messages line\
–––––––––––––––––––––––––

1. As user 1, launch the mobile app.
2. Go to a channel where you can be mentioned.
3. Exit the app (\*\*close app, not just minimize – \*\***swipe up from the bottom of the screen and pause slightly in the middle of the screen, then swipe up to close**)
4. As user 2, post enough messages to the channel in step 2 so that when user 1 returns to that channel the first unread message will be outside the viewable area.
5. As user 2, mention user 1 in this same channel.
6. As user 1, tap on the received push notification.
7. Expected: As user 1 lands on the channel, the More Messages button may appear momentarily and animate away (if it appears and stays, it's fine).
8. As user 1, scroll up enough above the currently viewable screen, then mark another message as unread and exit the app.
9. As user2, mention user 1 in this same channel.
10. As user 1, tap on the received push notification.
11. Expected: The More Messages button is shown with the correct unread count.

_Related ticket(s):_

- [Fix scroll jumpiness by always landing users at the bottom of the channel when opening an unread channel — MM-23761](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-23761)
- [RN: More Messages button inconsistencies when opening the app from a push notification — MM-26855](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-26855)
- [RN IOS: New messages toast is missing if landing on to a the channel with unreads — MM-27483](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-27483)
- (Invalid) [RN: New Messages banner does not persist on tapping a push notification — MM-31150](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-31150)
- [RN iPad: New Messages banner disappears immediately when viewing channel from push notification — MM-31766](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-31766)

**Expected**

- When a user opens any channel, user is always landed at the bottom of the channel
- If the channel is unread when opened and the New Messages line is on the screen (in the visible area), More Messages banner/button is not shown at all
- If there are unread messages beyond the visible area, More Messages banner/button with a count of TOTAL unread messages. e.g. "XX new messages" is shown
- Tapping the banner/button should scroll the user to the oldest rendered post, and the banner count should update depending on how many MORE un-reads are above that location. The banner should read "XX more new messages"
- As soon as the "New Messages" line is visible on the screen, the banner should hide (animate away)

---

**Step 2**

Should still display New Messages line after app relaunch\
–––––––––––––––––––––––––\\

1. On a channel, in the visible area, mark a post unread
2. Close the app then relaunch it

_Related ticket(s):_

- [RN: Messages are not being marked as read — MM-25766](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-25766)
- [RN Android: App frequently fails to load channels for initial team — MM-29381](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-29381)
- (Duplicate of MM-29381) [RN Android: Different post options than on iOS — MM-29382](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-29382)
- (Invalid) [RN: "New Messages" line does not go away on closing and reopening the app — MM-31151](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-31151)

**Expected**

- On app relaunch user is back at the channel from step 2 and the New Messages line should still display.
