---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "RN apps: Markdown table in center channel"
status: Active
priority: Low
folder: Messaging
authors: ""
team_ownership: 
- Channels
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: Messaging
component: null
tags: []
labels: 
- messaging
- fix-versions-not-empty-2022cleanup

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: N/A
detox: N/A
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: 
- Mobile
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: 4305369
key: MM-T1439
created_on: "2020-02-10T20:30:27Z"
last_updated: ""
case_hashed: 52d0b54b2712b49bd0417a464272fdc80e4f66e6c72e0e772f1706cdaf81dad79a72e9d2c06dfa4e19e7b73e72af644d
steps_hashed: 0ac9066c8d92379966be7cbe1f2aadd7cd0406c0f49cde1bff29ca5e5a3a3dd7832807cdd72d146b799e380bd5327b61
---

<!-- (Auto-generated) Based on frontmatter's "key" and "name" -->

## MM-T1439: RN apps: Markdown table in center channel

---

**Step 1**

RN apps: Markdown table in center channel\
–––––––––––––––––––––––––\\

1. Post message with multiple markdown tables (1, 2, 3, 4 and more columns)

   1. 1-column table. Copy and post next 4 lines:
      \
      \| Header |\
      \| --- |\
      \| Cell spans to fit the max |\
      \| Cell spans to fit the max |
   2. 2-column table. Copy and post next 5 lines:
      \
      \| Header | Header |\
      \| --- | -- |\
      \| Cell spans to fit view | Cell spans to fit view |\
      \| Cell spans to fit view | Cell spans to fit view |\
      \| Cell spans to fit view | Cell spans to fit view |
   3. 3-column table. Copy and post next 5 lines:
      \
      \| Header | Header | Header |\
      \| :-- | :-: | --: |\
      \| Spans to fill | the | visible area. |\
      \| Spans to fill | the | visible area. |\
      \| Spans to fill | the | visible area. |
   4. 4-column table. Copy and post next 10 lines:
      \
      \| Header | Header | Header | Header |\
      \| :-- | :-: | --: | --: |\
      \| Left | Center | Right | Right |\
      \| Left | Center | Right | Right |\
      \| Left | Center | Right | Right |\
      \| Left | Center | Right | Right |\
      \| Left | Center | Right | Right |\
      \| Left | Center | Right | Right |\
      \| Left | Center | Right | Right |\
      \| Left | Center | Right | Right |

_Related ticket(s):_

- [RN: Improve responsiveness of Markdown tables — MM-15635](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-15635)
- (Duplicate) [RN: Markdown Table Header does not have a background on post — MM-22315](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-22135)
- (Queued) [RN: Fix Issues found on Markdown tables — MM-22152](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-22152)

_Important notes about this step:_

NEW v1.28 [https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-15635\\](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-15635%5C)\
Failed during v5.20 RC testing: "FAIL: Does not satisfy #2. Header has a background color.\
<https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-22315>"

**Expected**

1. Expand button is shown on the lower right of each table
2. Header has background color (Broken, known issue: https\://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-22152)
3. Table should fill available space in center channel
4. 1 column spans based on the content, up to the max column width
5. 2 columns should be divided in half, up to the max column width
6. 3 columns should be divided into thirds, up to the max column width
7. 4 or more columns get set to the minimum width if they exceed the visible area.
8. Tables should truncate and show the fade when more columns than visible space is available

---

**Step 2**

RN apps: Markdown table in fullscreenview\
–––––––––––––––––––––––––

1. Post message with multiple markdown tables (1, 2, 3, 4 and more columns) - (same as in step 1 above)
2. Tap expand button

_Related ticket(s):_

(**Story**) [RN: Improve responsiveness of Markdown tables](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-15635)

**Expected**

1. Observe that Table view is shown.
2. Tables should fill the available view when 4 or less columns are present.
3. Columns should respect the max width.
4. 3-column table should fill the available view and respect the max column widths
5. No panning in this view. Tables should only be scrollable.
6. Verify the same behaviour both on portrait and landscape views
7. Cell with long text should wrap properly.
8. If the content wraps, the cells per row should grow taller and should enable vertical scrolling.
9. Tables should scroll when 4 or more columns are present depending on the device height. Small device should scroll at 4 columns while larger device at 5 or more.
10. When scrollable, scroll bar/s should always be visible for user to know more rows/columns.
