---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Users - Revoke all sessions"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: Users
authors: ""
team_ownership: 
- Channels

# (Optional)
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)
location: System Console
component: null
tags: []
labels: 
- User-Management
- No-Automated-Executions
- TM4J-Key-Missing-In-Cypress
- system-console
- fix-versions-not-empty-2022cleanup
- cy-rep-missing-or-skipped

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: Update
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: 
- Webapp
- Cloud

# Do not change
id: 4049512
key: MM-T940
created_on: "2020-01-21T15:48:58Z"
last_updated: ""
case_hashed: 5c062bb1272850508ab7bd6c32ffb2888ff290f2beb0402fd1b4678f81e13757fa0eaaaae4b93d29bfef7e3d2f274548
steps_hashed: b0226be76185b3b94e243cbf882dc079744635e375186df8cfdc45e9ea438a196a1d0870b71c6ac44889a0856a088fe1
---

<!-- auto-generated based on "key" and "name" -->

## MM-T940: Users - Revoke all sessions

---

**Step 1**

1. Log on as test user (who you want to revoke sessions for), on multiple browsers / devices (at least 2 to 3 different sessions)\
   **Examples**: Mac, Windows, iOS, Android (RN or Classic); various browsers; desktop app

   - Mobile apps can have screen locked or not
   - Non-mobile can be with computer awake or asleep
   - Can log them in using any method (email/password, SAML, LDAP, OAuth)
   - Keep them visible, to watch for sessions ending

2. Logged in as system admin on another browser / device, go to System Console ➜ Users

3. Click on the 'Revoke All Sessions' button displayed at the bottom of the Users listing page.

4. A confirmation message should be displayed.

5. Click on Cancel in the message and check if no sessions are deactivated.

6. Click on the 'Revoke All Sessions' button again and confirm.

_Related ticket(s):_

- [Add the ability to revoke all user sessions of the system in System Console > Users — MM-12440](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-12440)
- [Cypress Automation: Revoke All Sessions — MM-17020](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-17020)

**Expected**

- Check if a confirmation message is displayed "This action revokes all sessions in the system. All users will be logged out from all devices. Are you sure you want to revoke all sessions?"
- When user clicks on Cancel button in the confirmation message, the existing user's session should still be active.
- All the users' session should be automatically logged out from all the browsers and devices when 'Revoke All Sessions' option was clicked in the confirmation message.
- Users should be redirected to login page and a message should be displayed in the login page 'Your session has expired. Please log in again.'
- Even the current system admin's session should also be deactivated and user should be redirected to the login page.
