---
key: MM-T4003
title: Channel public/private toggle
---

## MM-T4003: Channel public/private toggle

### Details

| Name     | Value                   |
| :------- | :---------------------- |
| Priority | Normal                  |
| Status   | Active                  |
| Folder   | Suite / LDAP Group Sync |
| Labels   | ldap-group-sync         |
| Created  | 2021-04-15T00:31:01Z    |

### Steps

<hr/>

**Step 1**

> <article>Ensure that the server is licensed with "LDAPGroups" feature.<br><br>Verify that System Admin can change channel privacy using toggle<br>---------------------------<br><br>1. Go System Console &gt; User Management &gt; Channels and click a public channel ("/admin_console/user_management/channels/[channel_id]")<br>2. In Channel Configuration, find the Channel Management section and verify "Public channel or private channel" is switched to "Public".<br>3. Toggle the switch to "Private". Then save and confirm the change.<br>4. Do steps 1 and 2, and then toggle back to "Public".</article>

**Expected**

> <article>On step 3, visit that channel and verify that it has changed to private.<br>On step 3, visit that channel and verify that it has changed to public.</article>

<hr/>

**Step 2**

> <article>Verify that resetting sync toggle doesn't alter channel privacy toggle<br>---------------------------<br>1. Go System Console &gt; User Management &gt; Channels and click a public channel ("/admin_console/user_management/channels/[channel_id]")<br>2. In Channel Configuration, find "Sync Group Members" in Channel Management section. Toggle it on and off.<br>3. Do step 1 and 2 for private channel.</article>

**Expected**

> <article>On step 2,<ul><li>When switched to "On", verify that the "Public channel or private channel" is hidden.</li><li>When switched back to "Off", &nbsp;verify that "Public channel or private channel" is shown and still set to "Public".</li></ul>On step 2,<ul><li>When switched to "On", verify that the "Public channel or private channel" is hidden.</li><li>When switched back to "Off", &nbsp;verify that "Public channel or private channel" is shown and still set to "Private".</li></ul><br><br></article>

<hr/>

**Step 3**

> <article>Verify that toggles are disabled for default channel<br>---------------------------<br>1. Go System Console &gt; User Management &gt; Channels and click a town-square channel ("/admin_console/user_management/channels/[channel_id]")<br><br></article>

**Expected**

> <article>Verify that the "Public channel or private channel" is shown as "Public", disabled and cannot be changed.<br>Verify that the "Sync Group Members" is shown as "Off", disabled and cannot be changed.</article>

<hr/>

### More Info

| Name              | Value                                              |
| :---------------- | :------------------------------------------------- |
| Priority P1 to P4 | P3 - Deep Functions (Do extensive scenarios work?) |
| Cypress           | Update                                             |
