---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Server upgrades from last stable to release version"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: Rolling Upgrade
authors: "@saturninoabril"
team_ownership:
- QA Platform
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: ""

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: 79992156
key: MM-T5392
created_on: "2023-02-15T05:41:36Z"
last_updated: "2023-02-15T13:41:35Z"
case_hashed: 12bd048cb55c31a997ec03c475998608c79becbef79cd153fe5f8ced36bdaeb25a60ec21c393e4239e8f78f15934177c
steps_hashed: 5535ee0bd86906f3565735d7f3d13eb64dc6823fab3373010aecb6df72150b79f875b86f94f152599d218c9b1731d2bd
---

<!-- (Auto-generated) Based on frontmatter's "key" and "name" -->

## MM-T5392: Server upgrades from last stable to release version

---

**Step 1**

1. Set up a new HA server using the latest stable version with S3 as the file storage.

   - Confirm that the server has the correct version/hash, successful database migration, properly installed plugins with the correct versions, and the correct activation/deactivation of products.
   - Conduct a brief smoke test by creating users, channels, and teams, and testing log-in and log-out functionality.
     - Ensure that everything operates as expected.
   - Test the enablement, disablement, installation, and reinstallation of plugins.
     - Ensure that everything operates as expected.
   - Test the activation and deactivation of products.
     - Ensure that everything operates as expected.
   - Test the enablement and disablement of feature flags.
     - Ensure that everything operates as expected.

2. Upgrade the server to a new release version, then conduct a smoke test for each product and its core features, including:

   - Logging in and out
   - Creating, adding, and inviting users
   - Modifying system configuration
   - Sending and editing messages in a Channel
   - Creating, viewing, and moving cards of Boards
   - Starting, running, and finishing runs of Playbook
   - Making and ending Calls
   - Installing and running Apps
   - Subscribing and communicating with a Customer web server (applicable only for cloud servers).
   - Ensure that everything operates as expected.

**Expected**

When moving from the previous stable version to a new release, all features should perform as anticipated and no deterioration in functionality should be discovered. It's advisable to perform a quick check using sanity tests and smoke tests during server startup, followed by comprehensive automated tests on the release version being tested.
